Fixed #32635 -- Fixed system check crash for reverse o2o relations in CheckConstraint.check and UniqueConstraint.condition. (#14255)
django/django: docs/releases/3.2.1.txt

* Restored, following a regression in Django 3.2, displaying an exception
  message on the technical 404 debug page (:ticket:`32637`).

> * Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where a system check crash with a reverse
>   one-to-one relationships in ``CheckConstraint.check`` or
>   ``UniqueConstraint.condition`` (:ticket:`32635`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in Django 3.2 where a system check would crash on a reverse
  one-to-one relationships in ``CheckConstraint.check`` or
  ``UniqueConstraint.condition`` (:ticket:`32635`).
```
